remember my summer to remember webinar
well I've now turned it into a DVD it's
called dear lover from no to yes in six
weeks my independent study curriculum to
help you cure the nice guy heal your
heart and master the art of getting her
to say yes because I'm friggin tired of
hearing these excuses you know this one
I'm confused you know I'm spinning in my
head no you're not you're just afraid to
feel something to the core because if
you did the truth would be revealed and
you'd have to take action another one
I'm procrastinating you know I hesitate
a lot no you don't you're just addicted
to your story of poor me and why your
life is different and harder than
everyone else or you know I really fear
rejection no you don't you don't like
the feeling of giving away your power to
other people's opinions of you so stop
it have you ever seen that Bob Newhart
episode it's on YouTube the lady walks
in he's the coach and he sits down and
she says her story and he's like stop it
that'll be three hundred dollars I could
do that okay cuz really that's all it
takes but you and I both know that
you're already doing that in your mind
to yourself anyways aren't you it's not
working what you need is another
approach to heal your wounded heart that
only me the Divine Feminine your muse
your tender loving Divine Mother energy
your fierce unconditionally loving
energy my tenderness my sultriness all
of the package me who loves you believes
in you your magnificence that is
actually what it's going to take for you
to get in there because maybe the reason
why you haven't got her to say yes is
that you're unwilling to do the work
okay but it's certainly not that you're
unable to do the work everybody is able
to do the work maybe you're incapable
because your heart is wounded I get that
but that's why I've created my
incredible curriculum for you so that
you can sit in the fire so that I can
guide you through and mentor you through
so that you can Alchemy's that pain of
shame and anger and sadness that's stuck
a new for so friggin long we can alkem
eyes that into your power into your
freedom and to your clarity into your
confidence because believe me until you
do that she's not even gonna notice you
I mean somebody will but not a quality
woman and she won't be able to open to
you and give you her body and her soul
and her heart which is going to fuel
your legacy on this planet you're gonna
love being alive that is what my program
offers so all you need to do is say yes
okay I give white flag I'm ready I'm
ready to receive your support Atlanta
wonderful then sign up now and also if
this is like the issue the thing the
thing you might have never told another
person ever that bit about the shame or
the anger or really the truth of how you
feel about yourself that you just keep
trying to have a good attitude about but
it's really not shifting yeah I'm the
opposite of everyone else I'm the
counter intuitive way of going about it
I don't run from the fire I take you
right into it and that's where all your
power is hidden and that's where I am
masterful and powerful enough to help
shift it so if you really know this is
it and you want to go all the way then
not only sign up and join and invest in
the DVD but upgrade to some private
sessions because I don't mean to brag
but I'm amazing I'm very powerful I get
the work done and all I want for you is
to be free in who you are so that you
can attract your amazing woman and have
a kick-ass life together that's truly
what I want so sign up for the DVD now
upgrade if that's calling to you and I
can't wait to hear how it is on the
other side you're so worth it I so love
you thank you take